Previously on Royal Pains...
How much longer will the E.R. be closed?
A week, a month, all summer?
A company called Symphony's
negotiating to buy the hospital,
but the regulatory
approval's taking forever.
I'm taking a sabbatical from
Sutton and Chesterfield.
What?
Why?
To do some private work for a major client.
Jeremiah, how would you feel
about continuing to be
Hankmed's medical director?
Why do anything for me?
Because we're your family.
Everything worked out great.
You must be so relieved.
I paid her.
What?
So is she staying because of us,
or is she staying because of the money?
Synced by emmasan
www.addic7ed.com
Hey.
Oh, hey.
You're up early.
Yeah, I thought I would make us breakfast.
You know, sausage and bacon
and biscuits and gravy,
the perfect pre-cardio meal.
You know what, I will just
keep this warm for you.
Oh, no, no, no. You know what?
I'll have a bite while it's still hot.
- Oh.
- Smells amazing.
[Chuckles]
Mmm.
Oh, my God, it is amazing. [Laughs]
Did your mom teach you how to cook?
Oh, my mom? No.
Oh, my gosh, she was too busy working.
I learned from the cooks at
the restaurant where I worked.
I learned everything from them.
- Ah.
- Don't feel bad.
They were excellent teachers.
And you know, the four of them
really took me under their wing.
They became my surrogate family.
Yeah, but still, you took
on a lot of responsibility,
and I know that wasn't easy.
See, I was the fill-in
for Eddie and for my mom,
and it was tough, a lot of work.
It's probably why Evan
became such a good cook.
If he wanted a great meal,
he knew he wasn't getting it from me.
[Both chuckle]
Yeah, I mean, I never minded the work.
In fact, I think the reason why
I worked at the diner so much was because...
Well, it was better than being alone.
But I mean, I'm sure someone like you never
had that kind of problem.
Well, when Eddie left,
Evan and I had each other,
and even then I felt
alone a lot of the time.
It's so weird.
I mean, Eddie was a conman
who walked out on you two,
and my mom was a conwoman who stuck around,
and yet we both felt the same way.
And we both turned out okay.
Maybe there is something
to that whole DNA thing.
- Maybe.
- [Chuckles]
You know, I wanted to be a
doctor when I was little too.
Really?
Well, actually I wanted to be a paramedic,
you know, so I could run
through all the red lights
and have a really cool siren.
[Laughs]
Emma...
I feel terrible that all of us
weren't in your life earlier,
and we are so happy you're staying.
I am so happy you're here.
Me too.
Hey, do you like to run?
Uh, run as in jog,
as in exercise?
Yeah, that kind of running.
Isn't this great?
Yeah, this is so great.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ricky?
- Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
Hey, Hank. I'm fine.
I'm fine. It was nothing.
Yeah, but you know, with your...
Oh, yeah, don't worry.
I'm taking my blood thinners every day.
Okay.
Oh, sorry.
Ricky, this is my little sister, Emma.
Emma, this is Ricky White.
He medaled in Sochi.
Yeah, well, you know,
a lot of people medaled in Sochi.
Landing a 1440 with two somersaults
means you don't have to
be modest, my friend.
You're right.
He's right. I'm fantastic.
[Giggles]
But you did take a pretty bad spill there.
If you want me to take a look, we can do
your annual physical at the same time.
Yeah, uh, well, to be honest,
I'm not with Hankmed anymore.
Oh.
Yeah, I signed up with Symphony.
They started offering a concierge service
when they took over Hamptons Heritage.
Awkward.
They made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
No hard feelings?
No, no. Of course not.
I'm just glad you're
taking care of yourself.
Yeah.
Well, listen, I'm having a barbecue
with some friends later.
You guys should come.
Ah. I'd love to,
but I have patients.
I don't.
Great.
Uh, well, here.
Give me your number,
and I'll text you the address.
Okay.
Yeah, this is...
The mouldings are so beautiful.
I got them wholesale,
but still they're crazy expensive.
Have you given much thought
about how you'd like to decorate?
I like those things Russel got
in that hedge fund guy's house.
The one in the Hamptons magazine?
You think you could find
me some stuff like that?
Of course, but his house is modern,
and yours is more classic.
What kind of style do you like?
What do I know from style?
My wife... technically we're separated,
but not for long since
I'm gonna win her back...
She thinks I'm too Jersey.
Uncle Ray, you want a water?
No, I'm good, Marco.
Well, we'd love to find
you some nice pieces.
Where would you like to start?
From the beginning.
I need rugs, tables, pictures,
the works, and I want the best.
I want it to feel like the Hamptons.
Well, don't worry.
Russel Berger's the best in the business.
Ah.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I've been itching like crazy lately.
I've tried Benadryl,
cortizone cream, olive oil.
Nothing's helped.
Well, I know someone who might be able to.
[Sighs]
Good morning.
Hey, how's the new nanny working out?
Shh. I don't want to jinx it.
Can we start? We've got a busy day ahead.
Henry will be sitting over here today.
Why?
Ha.
How'd you even lift that?
Hurt myself doing it.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- So...
- So I ran into Ricky White
this morning on the beach.
He said he signed up with Symphony.
Yeah, we've lost a couple
retainers to them recently.
They've started going after
our patients pretty aggressively.
Well, how come I didn't know?
Because you said you didn't
want to know about business.
You just wanted to be a doctor.
Why, did you change your mind?
No, you're right. You're right.
I could follow up with Gladys about that.
- Gladys?
- Don't tell him.
- He doesn't want to know.
- Gladys is the director
of Symphony's community relations.
- Oh.
- She loves hazelnut coffee.
The fact is, guys, we're in a more
competitive environment now, so
we need to think outside the box.
Nancy Conrad will help us with that.
Who's Nancy Conrad?
I'm so glad you asked,
and I'm gonna tell you
as soon as you sign these release forms.
Pass them down.
Hi, everyone. Bye, everyone.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where're you going?
Um, meeting some friends from work.
Is that okay?
Oh, yeah, sure.
So I see your trainer's
got you up and running
at the crack of dawn, huh?
Yeah, running is such good exercise.
I only said yes 'cause I
thought he was kidding.
El jefe doesn't kid about running.
Do they not know I'm here?
Um, a little heads up next time?
You got it.
Great. Squid?
You want to squid it out? [Both blubbering]
Okay, bye. Why didn't you ask
who these friends were that she's meeting?
- Why didn't you ask?
- I can't.
- I'm the fun brother.
- You're not the fun brother.
I'm the fun brother.
- Is that a joke?
- I didn't have to ask.
She's doing great. She's working hard.
She gets up early to run with me.
Yeah, how did you get her
to do that, by the way?
Did you, like, pay her?
Why would I do that?
I don't know. No reason.
Did you pay her to do something, Evan?
Did I pay her to do something?
Yeah.
That's a pretty weird question, Henry.
Why don't we talk about it over there?
Right now, please.
Did you?
I-I gave her some money,
yeah, to cover expenses.
Huh. When?
Before she saw dad.
You bribed her.
No, I... I'm her brother.
I gave her money that she needed,
and then she saw dad.
Evan, did she agree to stay
because you gave her money?
What? I-I... maybe.
Let's just say she did, okay?
She got to know dad. She's living with you.
We're getting to know her. She's working.
It's great. What's the big deal?
The big deal is you got
things off on the wrong foot
with the girl who already
has a problem with the truth.
She doesn't know us.
She doesn't know who we are.
You need to talk to her.
Sorry to interrupt, but can we please start?
- Yes, okay.
- Yeah, that's a good idea.
We got some big things happening today,
so if you'll direct your
eyes to the giant screen.
This is Nancy Conrad before she got sick.
She was a dance instructor
who used to have a popular
blog about dancing.
She put together a lot
of these dance videos,
worked with a lot of kids.
Aw, that's sweet.
This is the homepage of her blog,
and this is one of the ten Facebook sites
dedicated to her since she got sick.
She has never asked for help
with her medical expenses.
People have just opened
up their hearts to her.
Well, how did you hear about her?
Someone posted a link on our page.
She lives upstate.
She's been sick for a couple years now
with a mystery disease
that is paralyzing her.
She's been to other doctors?
Dozens. That's the thing,
no one's been able to figure
out what's wrong with her.
Everyone's pretty much just given up on her,
except for us.
It sounds like a P.R. stunt.
It is a P.R. stunt.
A stunt in which we're helping someone
no one else has been able to help,
and Hankmed gets some great publicity.
It's a win-win.
I thought you weren't gonna judge
- how we run the business?
- Okay, you're right.
You're right. What's with the video camera?
I promised all the Facebook groups
I'd post daily updates.
What about patient confidentiality?
- Yeah, what about that?
- Nancy's on board.
The more people see it,
the better for her cause.
- Her cause.
- Her words.
Forms, please.
Thank you. Oh, and thank you very much.
Divya, I'm noticing you didn't sign it.
I don't have to, because I'm not
going to be on camera.
Oh, yeah? Why's that?
Because I'm leaving.
Paige found us a new patient,
Ray Mazzarino.
Ray Mazzarino? The mob guy?
The guy who's building
a house on Tyson Lane?
You think he's in the mob because
he has an Italian last name?
No, I think he's in the mob
because he's from New Jersey,
and he's in the waste management business,
and he has an Italian last name.
He's a dangerous guy.
__
___
[Clears throat]
Hi, Gladys, I don't know
if you've had your morning coffee...
You're not Gladys.
No, no I'm not.
Oh, but this is her office.
Gladys transferred to Houston.
I'm the new Gladys, Bill Cartwright.
Uh, Dr. Jeremiah Sacani.
From Hankmed.
I'm glad you're here.
You're gonna save me a trip.
So Gladys isn't coming back?
No, but, uh, I like hazelnut coffee.
Oh, that's good stuff.
What is this?
Uh, that's our new pricing schedule
for all the services that Hankmed uses here.
The lab tests, the imaging.
But this is nearly four times as much
as we've been paying.
I know, and I know that you had
a gentleman's agreement with
the previous administrator
about some special pricing, but Hankmed
is no longer a part of Symphony.
You're our competitors now.
Well, we have patients
who can't afford this.
Well, if you don't like our new rates,
then you're, of course,
free to use other facilities.
You have the only imaging
and lab facilities in the area.
Yeah.
When people say, "hey,
your place is like a castle,"
well, it is a real castle.
Yeah, you should be able to
fit through there, I think.
I got it.
- Keep it coming.
- I got it.
Well, hello there.
Nancy Conrad, Hank Lawson.
Dr. Lawson, thank you so much for seeing me.
Please, call me Hank,
and I'm so happy you're here.
So am I.
Evan here has been a God send.
He's given me hope when I didn't have any.
All right.
Well, I've reviewed your charts,
but if you don't mind, I'd really
like to hear the story from you.
And if it's okay, while you're telling me,
I'm gonna do an exam.
Oh, wait, wait.
And go.
- Really?
- Yes, it's for her cause.
- Right, okay.
- Go ahead.
Um, we're gonna start with motor function.
If you could, uh, pull
your leg into my hand.
And again.
It started about three years ago.
I was warming up before a pip hop class.
I'm sorry, did you say, "pip hop?"
Uh, hip-hop for pipsqueaks,
four-to-five-year-olds,
so adorable. But anyway out of the blue,
I had this pain in my lower back.
Was it localized in one area?
Yeah, it was... it was right here.
All right, Ev, what are you...
Sorry, it's a cool shot.
- I'm good.
- Okay, scorsese.
Um, did anything unusual
happen that day or that week?
No, but I was in the hospital
about a year earlier after a car accident,
but I bounced back from that until this.
At first my legs felt heavier than normal,
and then they started to tingle,
and then it was difficult
to even move my legs
until finally my left leg was
almost completely paralyzed.
Right, right.
[Sighs]
What do you think?
I'm... I'm not expecting miracles.
If anyone can help you, it's Hank.
He's amazing. He can do whatever...
What're you gonna do?
Um, well, I'd like to
start with another M.R.I.
- Okay.
- And cut.
It's itching like crazy.
I can't focus on anything.
Mm.
You know, one of the most
common allergies is nickel.
What a lot of people don't know is that
nickel is found in all gold up to 18 karats.
Is that 14 karat gold?
Well, if it is, my jeweler
will be your next patient.
I'm kidding.
[Chuckles]
Of course.
I'm just gonna do a little scraping.
Your skin is definitely dry, and there are
some areas of redness as well which
makes me think it could be eczema.
Though in a case like this, we should
definitely rule out scabies as well.
I don't know what that is,
but it sounds disgusting.
Scabies is small mites
that burrow into the skin
and cause uncontrollable itching.
I was right.
[Sighs]
No, nothing there.
So now what?
I'm going to give you a shot of Kenalog
and write a prescription
for anti-itching cream.
If you're not doing any better tomorrow,
or you start to feel worse, you can call me,
and we'll try something else.
It's just a little pinch.
[Operatic yell]
♪ ♪
Russel, what a surprise.
Oh, um, it's a little early
to celebrate, but... why not?
It is not every day you
land a gigantic client.
Oh, I'm just working on the
proposal for Ray's house.
He loved what you did
with the sagaponack house,
so I thought maybe we could do something,
you know, similar but different.
Is everything okay?
Sutton and Chesterfield fired me.
What?
How could they do that to you?
Don't waste all your pity on me.
They fired you too.
I don't think it's very serious.
It looks very natural.
Okay, Ev, is this really necessary?
The cause, Henry.
Oh, the cause, the cause.
And action on camera movement.
So sorry.
I'm sorry.
That didn't work very well.
When I say "action," look at the screen
like something cool happens, so it's...
I already am.
Okay, just like something important happens.
"Oh, I found something. Whoa." Like that.
And, action.
That's great. That's perfect.
Oh, what is it? What's wrong?
Nothing. Her... her M.R.I.'s clean.
Okay.
So what's next?
More tests.
If we can't figure it out, she's gonna
be in that wheelchair
for the rest of her life.
- We're her last chance.
- I know.
It just makes no sense.
You practically built their Hamptons office.
I mean, you were their star.
I'd argue with you, but you're right.
Well, then why?
Jealousy.
I went off with Boris.
Everyone was jealous.
Russel, you have to fight this.
I know things about the Chesterfields,
those awful people.
What kind of things?
Tell me.
No.
What you should do right
now is go over there,
cut the cord with me.
I'll tell them you did all the work,
I just took the credit.
You can probably get your job back.
There is no way I am doing that.
I can't imagine being there without you.
Sweet, sweet Paige.
I mean, the whole reason I took this job
was to work with and
learn from Russel Berger.
- Berger.
- Hmm?
I'm unemployed now.
They would have been lucky to have you,
but you'll have to start at
the bottom again probably.
Poor thing.
You must've thought you
had everything figured out,
and now, poof, it's gone.
Thanks.
Hey, Ray. It's nice to meet you.
You told me to call if it got worse.
It definitely got worse.
Okay. Tell me, what's going on?
I'm tired, achy, got chills.
Tell him about your stomach, Uncle Ray.
Every time he touches it, it hurts.
Uh-huh.
Let me take a look.
Tell me if any of this is tender, okay?
Ah.
- Ah.
- Huh.
Have you ever had liver
problems, Mr. Mazzarini?
"O."
Mazzarino.
Mazzarino. Heh.
Of course, of course.
Nah, booze has never been my vice.
Liver conditions can cause itching,
so I'd like to do an ultrasound
to check for gallstones,
and let's draw blood for L.F.T.'s,
C.B.C., chem panel, and hepatitis.
And let's also get a urine sample.
Look, I don't know how
things work in the Hamptons,
but I want you to put a
rush on these test results.
Oh, don't worry, we rush everyone.
Doc, I'm begging you, please,
if you can stop this itching, I'll comp you
at my new restaurant for life.
Hell, I'll put your kids through college.
Either of you two have kids?
No.
No, I don't.
Don't worry. We'll rush it.
Hold on a second.
Effective immediately?
What the hell is this? This is crazy.
We'll never be able to pay these rates.
I miss Gladys.
Well... I'll figure something out.
This probably wouldn't have happened
if Hank were still medical director.
No, you're wrong.
This would have happened under anyone.
This is just business.
That's my territory.
So, Nancy, all the tests were negative,
but your symptoms point to
idiopathic transverse myelitis.
Well, that sounds awful.
It's a neurological disorder
caused by inflammation of the spinal cord.
See? I told you he'd figure it out.
What caused it?
Hold on.
Um, well, idiopathic is a fancy term
the medical community came
up with to basically say,
"we're not sure why this is happening."
Wait, what?
But, you can do something though, right?
I'm gonna prescribe some pain medication
and put you on a course of steroids
that may reduce the inflammation.
May?
Nancy, there's no definitive cure.
But will the paralysis get worse?
It might stay just like it is,
but yes, there is a chance
your condition could deteriorate.
Well, it's not the news I was looking for,
but... but it's an answer.
- Thank you, Hank.
- Of course.
And, Evan, I will be forever in your debt.
I feel so bad for her.
Yeah, I know.
But she doesn't feel bad for her.
She's, like, happy.
It's amazing to me.
Would I react like that if it were me?
The last time you had the flu,
you begged me to kill you
and put you out of your misery.
- I was kidding.
- You specifically said
you weren't kidding and
that I should ignore you
if you said you were kidding, and kill you.
- Thanks a lot.
- Yeah.
I get it. I'm a wuss.
I didn't say it.
How do you do it?
How do I do what?
Not get emotionally crushed every time
one of your patients has a setback?
Who says I don't?
You know why I became a doctor.
Mom.
Hardest thing I ever had
to do was watch mom suffer.
I didn't ever want to
feel that helpless again.
But you see people all the time.
Some of them you can't help.
What happens then?
It hurts.
I hurt.
Whoa.
I could never do that.
I'd be a basket case.
I have a good support system.
So does Nancy.
I'm gonna personally
donate to her medical fund.
She's gonna need all the help
she can get moving forward.
I am proud of my little brother.
I'm a big brother now.
- That's right.
- Yeah.
Speaking of, where's Emma?
At a barbecue at Ricky White's.
Sorry, what'd you just say?
Ricky White? The snowboarder Ricky White?
That's the one.
And you think I'm irresponsible?
What the hell are you think...
She can't go to that.
Ricky's a really good guy.
- No, you're missing the point.
- I understand the point,
and you should understand
that she's not a child.
She's a month away from turning 18.
She managed to get halfway
across the country without our help.
We promised dad we'd be responsible for her.
Even if we hadn't done that,
we're her older brothers, Henry.
People at that barbecue,
we don't know who they are,
how old they are,
what they're like when
they've been drinking.
Remember the trouble I got into at that age?
That was when you were watching me.
Oh, God.
[Indistinct chatter]
- Oh, hey, I'm sorry.
- Hey, what's the score?
Gotta get a picture of Ricky. [Chuckles]
You're probably not gonna
get much for that photo,
not unless there's a bong in it.
Oh, I was just gonna put it on Instagram
for my friends back home.
I thought you were gonna try
and sell it to Snarkhampton.
What is Snarkhampton?
It's a Hamptons gossip site.
If you've got dirt on a celeb,
they'll pay you to wallow in it.
Huh.
[Wincing]
Ah! [Groans]
Hank?
What are you doing here?
I thought you weren't coming.
No, uh, change of plans.
Sorry.
Ricky.
Hey, you made it.
I need to check out your leg.
Hank, it's not that kind of party.
[Chuckles] Oh, you're serious.
Please, have a seat.
Okay.
Ugh.
[Groans]
What's the pain like on a one to ten scale?
Nothing I can't handle.
Ricky.
Maybe an eight.
W-why does my leg look so gnarly?
I think you tore your
calf muscle this morning
when you wiped out, and
because of the blood thinner
you're taking for your arteritis,
you're bleeding into the
muscle, creating pressure.
I need to reduce that pressure right now
or you could develop compartment syndrome,
and, well, you could lose your leg.
Hey, can you shut that door?
Emma, I'm glad you're here.
- I'm gonna need your help.
- Okay.
Do whatever you got to do.
My legs are my life.
Emma, I need you to grab the
biohazard container from inside my bag.
- It's a red box.
- Yeah, I got it.
Okay, good.
Okay, also I'm gonna need another...
Thank you.
Now I need some gauze and an ice wrap.
Thanks.
Good.
How's the pain now?
- It's better.
- Good.
Thank you.
We're gonna get you to the hospital
to evacuate the rest of the hematoma.
Wow, was that just luck?
How'd you know something
was wrong with my leg?
I saw you grabbing your calf before.
Before when? I thought you just got here?
Or did you?
Good morning. What happened to you?
Pappy van winkle. Nice.
Ugh.
Keep it.
I never want to see it again.
Here, have a banana, plenty of water,
take two aspirin, and
call me in the morning.
I think I'm gonna go lay down.
- Okay.
- Yeah, listen to Hank.
He knows it all.
Totally.
He even saved me from a
super dangerous barbecue.
If he hadn't shown up,
might have had a second burger.
- Emma, you know that...
- What were you really doing there?
That's a good question.
What were you doing there?
I was checking up on you.
I don't need to be checked up on.
Anyways, if you want to
worry about somebody,
worry about her.
We are worried about her. She's a patient.
Right, a patient who's lying.
Wow, that's harsh.
You don't even know her.
She's really nice. Her name's Nancy.
She has idiosyncratic harkalina...
What is it?
It's idiopathic transverse myelitis.
- Myelitis.
- Okay, is that hard to fake?
It's impossible to fake, right?
Uh, actually, no, I wouldn't
say it's impossible.
I mean, it's a diagnosis of exclusion,
so she wouldn't have to
fake any actual tests.
But why do you think she's lying?
Look at her.
She keeps touching her nose
and covering her mouth.
She keeps swallowing.
My mom might not have taught
me how to ride a bike,
but she did teach me how
to read people's tells.
You're saying if you swallow, you're a liar?
What, you... you think she's lying?
There is a test that would
prove it one way or the other.
Of course.
- Thank you so much.
- Yeah.
Let me know if you need anything else.
So I was looking up those steroids
- you were going to give me.
- Mmhmm.
They, um, seem very expensive.
Oh, well, lucky for you,
you've got all those people
online raising money for you.
Yeah. I'm very lucky.
You are.
There is one more test I'd like to perform.
It's called a Hoover test.
I'd like to remove this blanket.
And... take down the foot rest.
Okay.
Now, Nancy, I'd like you to lift
your right leg as best you can.
Hmm.
What does this test do?
Well, when you raise one leg,
you naturally put pressure on the calcaneus
of your opposite leg to gain leverage
which creates downward pressure,
but only if you can move your leg.
Nancy, your left leg is
not paralyzed at all.
What are you talking about?
What are you saying?
I think you know what I'm saying.
Oh, my God.
You are just like the other doctors.
You can't figure it out,
so you're blaming me.
You know, I thought you
were different, Hank.
Nancy, Nancy.
No, please, I would like to leave now.
I would like to leave right now.
[Gasping]
Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.
Nancy, why did you...
Why did you pretend to be paralyzed?
It... I didn't set out to do it.
I... it just happened.
It just happened?
I-I was in a car accident, and...
And then I got all these
emails and posts on my blog,
and... and people seemed to care about me.
Nancy, you do need help,
but not the kind I can offer.
I'm gonna refer you to a psychologist.
- Okay.
Ray said 3:00, right?
Mm-hmm. On the button.
You wait here. I'm gonna check around back.
[Alarm sounds]
Ray!
- Ray!
- Hank.
[Groans]
Where did all this blood come from?
I yakked it up.
Help me, please. I feel terrible.
Hematemesis.
- What?
- Esophageal varices.
Uncle Ray.
Whoa, whoa!
What'd you do to my uncle?
Get away from him.
Marco, listen to me.
You know who I am.
You know I'm a doctor.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
Either I save his life right now,
or, in an hour, you get to
tell your family how he died.
Thank you. Call 9-1-1,
and for the love of God, someone
please turn off that alarm!
I got the alarm.
We need to stop his
internal bleeding right now.
Marco, I need you to hold this IV bag.
Thank you.
B.P.'s 80 over 50.
Okay, IV's wide open.
Pushing tight to defer blood flow.
It's not working.
He's getting worse.
Okay, um, Divya, I need two N.G. tubes,
two surgical gloves, and clamps.
You, I need those pillows now.
Here you are.
Okay, Ray, I just need to prop you up.
Ugh.
That's it.
- Ugh.
- First N.G. tube.
Good.
Okay. Second tube.
Okay, good.
Okay.
Okay, Ray, I need you to open your mouth,
and now swallow.
[Gagging]
That's it. Keep swallowing.
Okay, clamp.
Thank you.
[Gags]
Good. Second tube.
Ray, I'm gonna need you to swallow again.
That's it.
Okay, second clamp.
Okay.
B.P. Stabilized.
Good. [Sirens]
Ray, we're gonna get
you to the hospital now.
You're gonna be all right, Uncle Ray.
[Sirens wailing]
Thank you.
Evan.
Mm-hmm?
Did you get my email?
What's that?
No, I haven't checked my email.
This is how I look when, uh,
things blow up in my face.
Nancy?
It's not gonna be the Hankmed game changer
I thought it would be, that's for sure.
Turned out to be a lose-lose.
What was that email about?
Oh, um, well, I know that you said
that the price increase
would be a business problem,
but I put some thought into it,
and I may have a solution.
Yeah?
I visited the lab in Riverhead.
The quality is comparable
to Hamptons Heritage.
We can use a courier service
and send all our tests over there.
Obviously it would add to the cost,
but I-I think it would
be an acceptable amount.
That might work for the labs,
but we'll never get our patients
to drive an hour and a half
roundtrip to get an MRI.
Think about it.
Our business model doesn't work any more.
How bad is it?
I ran the numbers ten different ways.
If we have to absorb these price increases,
this could be the last summer of Hankmed.
Okay, so, Ray,
the bile duct test confirmed that you have
primary sclerosing cholangitis, or PSC.
It's a disease that causes
inflammation and obstruction
of your bile ducts in
and outside your liver.
Well, how'd I get it?
We actually don't know what causes it.
It just happens to some people.
More bad luck than anything.
So what now?
We've got you on a three week course
of broad spectrum antibiotics.
And with careful monitoring,
you'll be able to resume your...
Your normal lifestyle.
Well, sounds like I'm gonna
be a long-term customer.
- Marco.
- Uh...
What's this?
A down payment on a Hankmed retainer.
Oh.
You take cash, right?
Uh, yeah. I think we do.
Is that a picture of Ricky at the party?
Yeah.
How did, uh, Snarkhampton get it?
I guess someone sold it to them.
[Scoffs]
Whatever happened to respecting
someone's privacy, you know?
Yeah. [Chuckles]
I mean, I'm just glad that Ricky's okay.
Yeah, me too.
He was lucky that you were,
uh, in the neighborhood.
Okay, okay.
So maybe I didn't give you
the benefit of the doubt.
Maybe?
Probably.
- Probably?
- Okay, definitely.
I definitely did not give you
the benefit of the doubt.
I apologize. I shouldn't have followed you.
Truth is you've handled
yourself incredibly well.
You were pretty cool under
pressure at the barbecue.
I'm proud of you.
Thanks.
It's kind of nice having
someone else in the family
who doesn't faint at the sight of blood.
Yeah, well, what do you expect
from a guy who drinks appletinis?
Oh, squiddy.
Yeah, it's squid out, and
we'll find our own thing.
Okay, yeah, okay, will do.
- Hey.
[Whispering] You didn't talk
to her about that thing, right?
That thing we talked about? 'Cause I
told you I was gonna handle it myself?
Uh, no, but now might be the perfect time.
- For what?
- For Evan to talk to you
about something that he
actually has to talk to you about.
- [Chuckles]
- Heh.
It's not... It's not, like,
a thing, I just... I...
I might have given you the wrong impression
when I gave you the,
you know, back in the...
When I gave you the...
When you gave me what?
When he gave you money.
The money.
You said that was because
things were expensive here.
That's exactly... that's... that's...
- Well, they are.
- I thought that was a gift,
but if you want the money
back, I can totally...
No, no, it was a gift.
Absolutely not.
That's not why we brought it up.
Oh, my God.
You think I stayed because of the money?
Because if you do, you are totally wrong.
I stayed because I wanted
to get to know Eddie.
That's what I said.
And now, I really like it here.
So does that clear everything up?
- It does.
- Yes, it does.
I'm so sorry this is awkward, but yeah.
Great. [Chuckles]
So good. I'm glad we talked it out.
Yeah.
Cool.
What did I tell you?
I told you it wasn't a bribe.
Yeah, I know.
I'd feel a lot better if
she didn't touch her nose
when she said it wasn't.
Good morning.
Hi, Ray. How you feeling?
I'm fine, thanks to Hank and Divya.
If you hadn't referred me to them...
I don't even want to think about that.
We're glad you're okay.
Look at you guys.
Already you're working.
I knew I made the right choice with you two.
About that.
Yeah?
We're really sorry,
but we're not gonna be
able to work with you.
We are no longer with
Sutton and Chesterfield.
Well, I could care less about
But you signed a contract with them.
Yeah, that won't be a problem.
You just take care of my house.
I'll take care of the contract.
Why don't we work with you
as your private consultants,
Mr. Mazzarino?
Yes, yes, your private consultants.
Call me Ray.
It's decided. Lawson and Berger,
you are now employed directly by me.
Berger and Lawson.
Sacani.
Oh, that's him. That's the new Gladys.
Oh. Hi there.
Evan R. Lawson, CFO of Hankmed.
Bill Cartwright.
Bringing in the big guns, huh?
Well, I think kudos are in order.
What for?
You got your famous snowboarder back.
I have to admit, I underestimated you.
But at the end of the day,
when it comes to labs and equipment,
we're still the only game in town.
Game theory would suggest
there's always alternatives.
Well, what are you gonna do?
You're gonna start your own hospital?
I wish we could start our own hospital.
Synced by emmasan
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org